driver/i2c: STM32: I2C performance issue solved. (#14808)
ARMmbed/mbed-os: targets/TARGET_STM/README.md

}
```

#### I2C TIming calculation algorothm

> I2C version 2 drivers are works with help of I2C timing register.

Reviewer: I've just noticed. Is this version 2 not just an update to add also timing register for some reason?

```suggestion
I2C drivers version 2 use I2C timing register.
```

> In target.json file, has provision to enable and disable I2C timing Algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable I2C timing algorithm by setting the value of `i2c_timing_value_algo` target config to `true`.
```
